charging your Clarisonic plus is simple
and easy if you're using it for the
first time you'll need to charge it for
at least 24 hours but before you begin
charging a few precautionary and safety
notes don't immerse your charger into
water or other liquid don't place or
store your charger or it can fall or be
dropped into a table or sink the charger
is not for use in the shower and if your
charger does fall into the water don't
reach to remove it unplug it first to
begin charging your Clarisonic plus
simply place the device in its charging
cradle the green lights on the back of
the hand will indicate charge levels
when fully charged all four lights glow
continuously when the battery gets low
the handle will beep immediately after
use alerting you to place it in the
charging cradle and if your device stops
working completely place it in the
charger for a minimum of 5 hours a full
charge allows up to 30 uses depending on
speed selection and body mode usage you
can quickly and easily change speeds on
your Clarisonic plus changing the speed
is actually an adjustment of how far
left and right the brush head oscillates
it doesn't change the number of
movements per second it only changes how
far each bristle moves each successive
speed offers a deeper level of sonic
cleansing your Clarisonic Plus has three
speed settings low normal and high new
users to begin on the lower speed and
gradually increase to higher speeds
until you find the speed that's right
for you to change speeds press the speed
button while your device is running
speed settings are identified audibly
and visually low speed is indicated by a
series of three descending beeps and the
red light will be off normal speed is
indicated by a series of three ascending
beefs and the lower red light will be on
high speed is indicated by a series of
four ascending beeps
and the upper red light will be on the
plus model also has a specific body mode
setting for cleansing targeted areas of
your body like your shoulders back and
elbows a constant mode is indicated by
no beeps and the upper red light will be
on and a pulsing mode is indicated by no
beeps and the lower red light will be on
for a perfect Sonic cleanse every time
your Clarisonic plus is programmed with
a proprietary tea timer function the tea
timer guides you through four sections
of your face to provide an even cleanse
subtle beeps and pulses prompt you to
move to another part of your face for
new users we recommend using the factory
setting of a 1-minute cycle consisting
of four sequences twenty seconds on your
forehead
twenty seconds on the middle of your
face your nose in your chin and ten
seconds on each cheek each time your
device beeps it's time to move to the
next area of your face if you prefer a
longer cleansing cycle your Plus model
offers additional tea timer settings a
two minute tea timer session or a
continuous two minute cleansing cycle
with note beeps or pulses it's easy to
change settings make sure your plus
model is powered off the bristles should
not be moving press and hold the power
button one long and one short beep
indicates a one minute cleaning with tea
timer prompt one long and two short
beeps indicates a two minute cleaning
with tea timer prompt and one long beep
indicates a two minute continuous
cleaning the plus can also be used with
an optional body brush for targeted body
cleansing on this setting it will run
for three minutes with no beep
indicators if you need to pause your
cleansing system for any reason you can
do so for up to 30 seconds by simply
pressing the on/off button the red
lights flash in pause mode to resume
press the on-off button again to learn
more about your plus check
the rest of our quick start video series